Hello everyone and welcome to despite an editorial in the previous video we successfully created our
image classification API.
We've sent the first post request to the model and received amazing results from it sometimes in production
or we are going to have multiple models on the same server for many different reasons.
Maybe we want to change the current model with a better one or just to perform a b testing of models.
In those cases we need to send the POS request to a specific model on a server.
In this video we are going to learn how to do that by changing only the url.
It's that easy so I copied the request code from our previous tutorial that sends a default request
to our model to start with our code.
Let's change a variable name to a specific adjacent response and the only difference that we have to
make in this code is to change the URL.
The first part stays the same after it ad slash versions slash one and that is only difference that
we have to make in application to send the request to a specific model on our server D1 at the end.
Is the idea of the model that we want to target if you have for example model 5.
You would change that to 5 instead the one execute a cell and let's check if the response is 200 since
everything else is the same.
We want printed out again and as you can see response is 200 and everything works perfectly.
I want to congratulate you for coming this far and learning this complex topic on how to put the model
in production using tens of flow serving.
Well done guys.
If you have any questions about this or anything else please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll see you in the next tutorial.